Write 2D tanks programming application.
Write digimon program.

Create a better timeout system in the "spots.QRP" class.
Create a class that handles the timeout system of spots.QRP.
Write a module and/or class that helps with GUI timeout loops (auto-correcting [fast forwards] and auto-resuming [returns where left off]).
Rewrite classes in DFS so that they are easier to read; also add classes with builtin compression.
Write DFS functions/classes that allow summary of contents.

Write data encryption system where key length is 64 KB.
Write the TORNADO module (like "spice," but also uses a "twist" key).

DAL1 -> DAL6 need to be rewritten.
The DiskDriver needs to be rewritten.

Check the scripts in CGI.
Rewrite ComStar (make it like "Backup 1.5") based on "spice" and send to Timothy Stephen Parker; also make version of program based on "TORNADO."
Write an instant messaging program, create a module based on Morse Code, make a module for the "stderr" redirector, create a module that could be used for composing music, write test routines for the modules and demonstrations for them as well.
Work on re-writting the "War Game"; possibly, write a GUI game such as "SIMON", ARC (alphabet rubics cube), Reaction, Peg, Robot-based game, etc.
In GUI, check the code behind split_and_join (add configurable split file size) and write a better version of the shell.
Learn how to use "pygame" better.
Go back over the code in Projects and recheck and rewrite the code (for Python 3.0).
Prune the programs in "Utilities"; some may need to be rewritten as command-line programs and some may need to be archives and some may need GUI interfaces.

Write a program for keeping notes/illustrations (CGI or GUI).
Write a database system for the aforementioned program.
Write a Guestbook/chat-system (CGI).
Write a CGI game (Neopets?) -- or Duke Hunt?

"GET A LIFE !!!" -- as others might say.

Go check out "My Text\Memories" -- some things in there need to be rewritten and polished.
Don't forget yourself (Zero), NovaSuperNova, the "False Universe", time at Neopets.
Write about Aens -- its history, people, places, wars, plans, technology, vehicles, characters, etc.

Learn how to draw. Learn how to draw on computers and draw 3D things. Learn how to program 3D programs.
Listen to music more often.
Interact with people a whole lot!

In all things, keep God first ... (even if this is at the end of the list)
Keep reminding yourself of God -- TUG (Think Upon God)

I am an Ambassador.